Dual Core Bringup:

for debugging a dual core project you have to adjust some setting in the debug configuration. This are documented in debug documentation

Power Supply:
 
 Recovery Procedure:
 If the STM hangs due to critical faults during the boot process the Power demand usually drops down to 10-12mA. The Problem
 can be resolved by keeping the BOOT Pin high during the boot process using a Jumper connecting 3V3 and the STM Side of R41 while
 cycling the Power Supply. Power demand should increase to 30-40mA and you now can connect an STLink with the Cube Programmer
 and erase the flash. After this procedure, the Debug Process should work as normal.
 
 printf Style debugging:
 _write and __io_putchar are overwritten to allow for printf Style debugging and data transmission on
 both cores. Be aware that an RS485 Bus is bidirectional and data collision may arise when multiple
 BMS Boards try to access the Bus at the same time
 
 Single Wire UART:
 Only nice on Paper. RX TX Switch is way to slow so its an PIA. From now on UART RX4 is wired up as the receiving UART
 This costs ressources but seems like a reliable solution
 
 
 Inter Process Communication:
 Because both Cores run individual Firmware, it is important, to exchange information like cell measurements etc. between those cores.
 ST suggest to use Shared Memory, prefarrably SRAM4 in the D3 Domain. See AN5617 for further information.
 
 The Inter Process Communication is implemented using a Mailboxes. The .c and .h files are found in the common Inter_Process_Communication Folder
 The init Routine is called at the start of main.c of the Cortex M7 right after the HAL_Init Call before the Cortex M4 Core is released from
 Stop Mode. This prevents the M4 Core accessing uninitialized SRAM4 Memory. Shared Data Types are defines in the Shared DataType header.
 
 RS485 Protocol:
 The RS485 Protocol works with one PC as a host and one or multiple BMS Boards as the Receiver. The Address of the BMS Board is Hardcode
 in the RS485_Communication.h File. A Request from the Host consists of a request Packet containing at least 4 and a maximum of 256 Bytes:
 
 Byte 1: Address
 Byte 2: Command
 Byte 3: NumberofBytes
 Bytes 4 to N: Payload 
 Byte N+1: Checksum
 
 